{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww19120\viewh10500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 iPod Submission Limitations
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 In order to prevent server SPAM warnings, and make iPod support manageable, the following limitations are in place:\
\
\'a5 
\f0\b The iPod Shuffle is not supported!
\f1\b0  AudioScrobbler requires valid timestamps for all submitted tracks. The iPod Shuffle does not contain an internal clock, and therefore will not update the Last Played time when a track is played. iScrobbler uses Last Played to determine the play time to send to the server. If you want this to change, send a polite request to feedback@apple.com asking them change the Shuffle so it updates Last Played times.\
\
\'a5 The iTunes playlist you choose for iPod submissions must be setup to track recently played tracks. The iTunes default playlist -- Recently Played -- is setup to include any track played in the last two weeks (iScrobbler's internal limit is also two weeks). Please note that if you select a playlist which is not setup correctly (for instance it includes tracks that have not been played) the update will fail (most likely with a "type mismatch" error). \
\
There are some further restrictions for those who have chosen to manually sync their iPods:\
\
1) The selected playlist must exist on the iPod.\
\
2) It is imperative that the selected playlist not have a dependency on any other playlist, as the iPod will not update the chosen playlist as tracks are played.\
\
\'a5 You can begin playing a song in iTunes and then sync the iPod with the following restrictions:\
\
1) If the iPod is still updating when the current song is submitted (1/2 played or 240 seconds, whichever comes first) the iPod tracks will be discarded. This can occur if a large number of songs are being copied to the iPod.\
\
\'a5 If another person uses your computer while you are away, and plays a track with iTunes, any tracks played before and during that time on the iPod will be discarded. To share your computer with others, it is recommended that you create a separate Mac OS X user account for each person. Each person will also need their own AudioScrobbler account, or the server will discard tracks with similar play times as SPAM.\
\
\'a5 If you have disk mode enabled on your iPod, you must manually inform iScrobbler that your iPod has been updated by using the "Update iPod" item in the control menu, or ejecting your iPod. This must be done before playing any tracks in iTunes.\
\
\'a5 If you fast forward a track, or skip to the next track before the current one has fully played, it will not be sent to the AudioScrobbler server.\
}